== Overview ==
Demesne is a toolkit for building DDD+CQRS+ES applications. It is built on Akka's Persistence and Cluster Sharding, and
is intended to work within a broader Akka system. The goal is to support easier concurrency and persistent development
of aggregates in a possibly clustered infrastructure and complex domain.

Demesne is intended to be used in an Akka system along side other Actors, and handle the component model and
persistence for aggregates. Demesne AggregateRoots are Akka PersistentActor, and are accessed via Demesne's
[[demesne.DomainModel]] class. Commands are submitted to [[demesne.AggregateRoot]], which if accepted and processed,
may produce zero or many Events that are published and persisted.

== Using Demesne ==
Aggregates are retrieved through one of [[demesne.DomainModel]]'s `aggregateOf` operations, which uses a previously
registered aggregate repository to locate or construct the requested aggregate within the cluster. Once a reference is
acquired the aggregate may be used by sending commands to it:
 1. Aggregate receives command
 1. If the Aggregate accepts the command, it is processed (applies business logic) and may produce events representing
results of processing
 1. Events are applied to actor so it can update it’s internal state
 1. Events are persisted to journal
 1. Events are published to subscribers

== Building AggregateRoots ==

== Message Envelopes ==
Messages (Commands and Events) are wrapped with an envelope containing meta data that describes the unit of work,
actors involved and ordering.
